1、再长的路，一步步也能走完，再短的路，不迈开双脚也无法到达。

Again long way, step by step, also can go through, again a short road, do not stride feet can't reach.

2、成功不是将来才有的，而是从决定去做的那一刻起，持续累积而成。

Success is not in the future, but from the moment you decided to do, continue to accumulate.

3、即使脚步下是一片岩石，它也会迸发出火花，只要你拿起铁锤钢钎。

Even pace is a piece of rock, it would burst out sparks, as long as you pick up the hammer drill steel.

4、当人自已充满斗志，充满信心，别人就会觉得你就是值得相信的人。

When people own defiant, full of confidence, people will think you are worthy of trust.

5、人生舞台的大幕随时都可能拉开，关键是你愿意表演，还是选择躲避。

Stage of the life should be open at any moment, the key is you willing to performance, still choose to avoid.

6、只要内心不乱，外界就很难改变你什么。不要艳羡他人，不要输掉自己。

As long as the heart not disorderly, the outside world is hard to change what you are. Don't envy others, don't lose yourself.

7、富就富在不知足;贵就贵在能脱俗;贫就贫在少知识;贱就贱在没骨气。

Rich is rich in content; Your window can free from vulgarity; Lean lean on little knowledge; Some will base on business.

8、如果缺少破土面出并与风雪拚搏的勇气，种子的前途并不比落叶美妙一分。

If a lack of ground surface and the snow was the courage to struggle, the future of the seed leaves than beauty.

9、黑夜的转弯是白天，愤怒的转弯是快乐，所以有的时候让心情转个弯就好了。

Is the turn of the night the day, anger turning is happy, so sometimes it is good to let the mood turn a corner.

10、路是脚踏出来的，历史是人写出来的。人的每一步行动都在书写自己的历史。

Road is stepped out, history is written. Every step of man is writing his own history.

11、生活中总会有伤害你的人，所以你仍然需要继续相信别人，只是小心些而已。

There will always be people who'll hurt you, so you need to continue trusting, just be careful.

12、你能找到理由难过，也一定能找到理由快乐。

You can find a reason to sad, also must be able to find reasons for happiness.

13、人生只有创造才能前进;只有适应才能生存。

Life can only forward create; Only adapt to survive.

14、你既然认准一条道路，何必去打听要走多久。

Since you look for a road, why ask to go long.

15、人生的烦恼，多在于知道的太多，而做的太少。

Troubles in life, is to know too much more, and doing too little.

16、抱最大的希望，为最大的努力，做最坏的打算。

Entertains the highest hope, for the greatest endeavor, make the worst plan.

17、有志者自有千计万计，无志者只感千难万难。

Aspirants have thousands thousands, no minds only feeling extremely difficult.

18、行动不一定带来快乐，但快乐总是源于行动。

Action may not bring happiness, but happiness always comes from the action.

19、站在新起点，迎接新挑战，创造新成绩。

Standing at a new starting point, to meet new challenges, create new achievements.

20、美好的生命应该充满期待、惊喜和感激。

The happy life should fill the anticipation, pleasantly surprise and grateful.

21、与其花长时间怀疑，不如花短时间求证。

Instead of spending long time suspect that proof should spend a short time.

22、生活不相信眼泪，眼泪并不代表软弱。

Life doesn't believe in tears, tears does not mean weakness.

23、先相信你自己，然后别人才会相信你。

Believe in yourself first, and then others will believe you.

24、成功是优点的发挥，失败是缺点的累积。

Success is the advantages of play, failure is the accumulation of disadvantages.

25、地球上的任何一点离太阳都同样地过远。

Any point on earth are in the same way too far from the sun.